Two young guys with shaggy hair look at their hands while hanging out in the yard .
Two young , White males are outside near many bushes .
Two men in green shirts are standing in a yard .
A man in a blue shirt standing in a garden .
Two friends enjoy time spent together .
Several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system .
Workers look down from up above on a piece of equipment .
Two men working on a machine wearing hard hats .
Four men on top of a tall structure .
Three men on a large rig .
A child in a pink dress is climbing up a set of stairs in an entry way .
A little girl in a pink dress going into a wooden cabin .
A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse .
A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse .
A girl going into a wooden building .
Someone in a blue shirt and hat is standing on stair and leaning against a window .
A man in a blue shirt is standing on a ladder cleaning a window .
A man on a ladder cleans the window of a tall building .
man in blue shirt and jeans on ladder cleaning windows
a man on a ladder cleans a window
Two men , one in a gray shirt , one in a black shirt , standing near a stove .
Two guy cooking and joking around with the camera .
Two men in a kitchen cooking food on a stove .
Two men are at the stove preparing food .
Two men are cooking a meal .
Two people in the photo are playing the guitar and the other is poking at him .
A man in green holds a guitar while the other man observes his shirt .
A man is fixing the guitar players costume .
a guy stitching up another man 's coat .
the two boys playing guitar
A man sits in a chair while holding a large stuffed animal of a lion .
A man is sitting on a chair holding a large stuffed animal .
A man completes the finishing touches on a stuffed lion .
A man holds a large stuffed lion toy .
A man is smiling at a stuffed lion
A girl is on rollerskates talking on her cellphone standing in a parking lot .
A trendy girl talking on her cellphone while gliding slowly down the street .
A young adult wearing rollerblades , holding a cellular phone to her ear .
there is a young girl on her cellphone while skating .
Woman talking on cellphone and wearing rollerskates .
An asian man wearing a black suit stands near a dark-haired woman and a brown-haired woman .
Three people are standing outside near large pipes and a metal railing .
A young woman walks past two young people dressed in hip black outfits .
A woman with a large purse is walking by a gate .
Several people standing outside a building .
Two men in Germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts .
Two youths are jumping over a roadside railing , at night .
Boys dancing on poles in the middle of the night .
Two men with no shirts jumping over a rail .
two guys jumping over a gate together